Always try your best!
Follow your passions!
Today is what you make of it!
Get out there and chase your dreams!
It's never too late to start!
Spread love and kindness wherever you go!
I hope you all have a good day today!
Never let a bad situation bring out the worst in you.
It doesn’t matter how slowly you go, as long as you don't stop.
Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come.
There’s something in you that the world needs.
A little progress everyday adds up to big results!
Believe in yourself and you’ll be unstoppable.
Look for something positive in each day, even if some days you have to look a little harder.
Stop beating yourself up! You are a work in progress, which means you get there a little at a time, not all at once.
Take a deep breath. It’s just a bad day, not a bad life.
Fight for your dreams, never let anyone break you down by saying that you can‘t do something.
If you don’t see any light, it just means that it’s somewhere ahead and you’ll reach it very soon. Just keep going!
The best is yet to come!
Just take it one day at a time.
Keep on going!
Don't give up on yourself!
Bad days are like rainy days. They come and eventually go, and after that sunny days come.
Keep up the good work. I am rooting for you.
The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them.
I hope you live a life you are proud of. And if you find that you are not, I hope you have the strength to start over!
I wish you the strength to face the challenges of life with confidence and the wisdom to choose your battles carefully!
If you're looking for a good sign, this is it.
Make today an amazing day!
It’s okay to make mistakes, that’s how we learn.
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have!
We are not given a good or bad life! We are just given a life and it’s up to us to make it good or bad!
It’s your road and yours alone! Others may walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you!
Your mindset is everything.
You didn't come this far to only come this far.
You're always one decision away from a totally different life.
Listen to your gut. It knows what is best for you.
Think only of the best, work only for the best, and expect only the best. You deserve nothing less.
Always do your best so you can be proud that you gave it your best shot.
Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb... that’s where the fruit is!
Make your dreams happen!
Life shrinks or expands in proportion with one’s courage.
Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Your value doesn't decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth.
Be strong, you never know who you are inspiring
It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
Even the mighty oak starts as a small acorn.
You are the architect of your life; You build its foundation and choose its contents.
Shoot for the moon! If you fall, you'll land among the stars... and stars are really pretty.
Do the thing that you've been meaning to do!
Healing comes in waves. And maybe today the waves hit the rocks, and that's okay. You're still healing.
Please remember to be kind to yourself.
Take a step back and breathe. Give yourself a break.
Be gentle with yourself, you're a person with feelings too.
Friendly reminder: you don't have to please everybody.
You don't have to be perfect! No one is.
Always keep yourself accountable, receptive to criticism, and transparent in your intentions.
You relationship with yourself and everyone you meet will be stronger if you are in touch with your emotions.
If a feeling seems to be the end of the world, just sit with it. Don't shove it deep down and ignore it. Feel it, in order to understand and accept it.
Leave behind anything or anyone who stresses your heart out.
Remember the vision. Even when others don't see it, even when others don't get it, and even when you feel like you are not supported.
Stay true to bringing your dreams and desires to fruition.
Be mindful that you deserve to flourish in a life of happiness, joy, and abundance.
Remain grounded, keep moving forward, and journey freely.
Half the battle is your attitude. Your inward reality reflects your outward reality, not the other way around.
Don't rush things. When the time is right, it will happen.
The most difficult roads often lead to the most beautiful destinations.
You don't always need a new day to start over, sometimes you just need a new mindset!
The secret of change is to focus all your energy not on fighting the old, but building the new.
Don't let other's success distract you from your own path. Focus on your own purpose, and you will get there soon enough!
We won't be distracted by comparison if we are captivated with purpose.
Don't ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday. Let it go.
A mind is like a parachute, it doesn't work if it isn't open.
Everything happens for a reason.
Don't think too much, trust the process.
Everything will be okay.
You are going to be just fine.
Do what you need to do to make yourself happy.
I hope you are proud of yourself. It hasn't been easy, but here you are, and you're doing so well.
Keep it up! I know you can do this.
Invest your energy into things that are going to contribute to your own growth.
Don't fall into the idea that you have to be travelling all the time or have tons of money to have incredible adventures... the outside world awaits.
Somewhere out there, someone is having the best day of their lives. Who knows? Tomorrow could be your best day.
You deserve every ounce of love that comes your way.
Never second guess if you're worth attention, affection, or effort. Allow yourself to accept and appreciate love!
Even if you don't totally know where you're going, don't let it stop you!
To anyone who may be feeling lonely or forgotten today, I see you, I care about you, and I want you to know that you're loved.
Stop blaming yourself, and start believing in yourself. You have so much more potential than you know!
Self love is the most important kind of love because at the end of the day, you're the person you spend the most time with.
Don't underestimate the power of kindness, sometimes people need to be reminded that they're cared for.
It costs nothing to be a kind person.
Stop accepting your negative thoughts. They're just thoughts! Let them come and pass.
Never apologize for who you are.
Some things will take more time for you than they will for others, and that's okay. You have time.
Friendly reminder: you are alive and the day is full of opportunity!
Surround yourself with people who love you for who you are.
Slow progress is still progress!
Each second we live is a new and unique moment of the universe; a moment that will never be again.
Strive for a balance between pushing yourself to be better and taking care of yourself.
Always stay humble and kind.
Speak your desires and goals into existence! You can do it.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes. Get back up again and keep going.
Actions speak louder than words, and yours tell an incredible story.
There's always room for improvement! You can't reach the top if there is no defined top, so keep improving. But remember that it's also important to look back and appreciate the stage that you are at.
Tomorrow is just a day away.
Who you are now is not who you will be in 10 years. It's okay to be somebody new 10 minutes from now. We are always learning, always growing.
If you wake up one day and realize that you don't like who you are, then change! Shed your skin, retry, and replant yourself in good soil.
Live your life with an open palm. Give as much as you can and as often as you can.
There is a difference between being kind and being passive and sometimes it's hard to see the difference. Choose to be a kind person!
Don't forget you were once ignorant of everything you know now. Be patient and considerate of people who don't have the education or knowledge you have.
Be confident in yourself, you're amazing! But be humble too, you're imperfect. And that's okay.
Never let someone else determine who you are or how happy you are. You are too strong to be torn apart!
Don't make compromises you can't live with. Compromise is supposed to be a different version of what you want, not an entirely different world.
Tell your loved ones that you love them, and tell them often!
It's okay to ask for help, no one wants to go through hard times on their own. Learn to accept help when it's offered!
Being positive doesn't make you naive. It's simply your choice to make the most out of what you have and to see the brighter side of the situations life throws at you.
This is your life. Do what you love, and do it often.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
Go beyond yourself rather than beyond others.
Make the rest of your life the best of your life.
You are strong because you've been weak. You are fearless because you've been afraid. You are wise because you've been foolish.
There is virtue in work and there is virtue in rest. Use both and overlook neither.
Don't give your past the power to define your future.
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something.
Your greatest dreams are all on the other side of the wall of fear and caution.
The inspiration you seek is already within you. Be silent and listen.
It's time to start living the life you've only imagined.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and start being positive about what could go right.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.